Update Azure Arc Data Kubeadm scenario (#1396)
microsoft/azure_arc: docs/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_data/kubeadm/_index.md

---
type: docs
title: "Kubernetes Kubeadm"
linkTitle: "Kubernetes Kubeadm"

> weight: 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
weight: 7
```

Reviewer: We still want kubeadm to be in that position 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46730876/193034601-cf9f5dd6-fc72-4d44-97c5-3b6508b99fc6.png)

description: >-

>   If you do not have a Kubernetes cluster, the scenario in this section will guide on creating a Kubernetes cluster using kubeadm in Azure VMs with Azure Arc-enabled data services integration in an automated fashion using ARM template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you do not have a Kubernetes cluster, the scenarios in this section will guide on how to create a Kubernetes cluster using kubeadm in Azure VMs with Azure Arc-enabled data services integration in an automated fashion using ARM template.
```
